{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue237;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 TV Land's 100 Greatest TV Icons\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs32 \cf0 Preamble:
\b0\fs24 \
Just to preface the bitching that will ensue following this short passage: the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.tvland.com/originals/50greatesttvicons/index.jhtml"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 TV Land & Entertainment Weekly list}} is pretty good. It includes the obvious choices atop Television's Mount Olympus.\
\
I stand by my earlier uninformed observation that the list should have been segmented by category. That would allow a nice deep dive into each "genre". For instance, I think there should be at least a couple more news people other than 
\b Walter the C
\b0  (maybe 
\b Mike Wallace
\b0  or 
\b Tom Brokaw
\b0  or even 
\b Matt Lauer
\b0 ). And no, 
\b Barbara Walters
\b0  is not a "newsie". She's a celebrity interview harpy.\
\
And, if you're not going to give too much love to the old school originators of the medium, you can't put 
\b Farrah Fawcett
\b0 , 
\b James Gandolfini
\b0  and 
\b Jennifer Aniston
\b0  on it. 1) Farrah is the poster girl for stained sheets. 2) You can't include an HBO show on the list -- no matter how popular it was. And 3) Aniston hasn't found a job since "Friends". Now that we've established some ground rules, let's do this...\
\

\b\fs32 Complaints:
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Bob Barker
\b0  (#34): Don't get me wrong -- I love's me some Bob Barker. But his career starts and stops with "The Price is Right". How the hell can he be #34 while 
\b Richard "tongue-kiss-me-darling" Dawson
\b0  is #95!!? Dawson was a star in his own right on "Hogan's Heroes", he was the oxygen for "Match Game" and was arguably more memorable (and unarguably more charismatic) on "Family Feud". That's injustice.\
\

\b Jerry Seinfeld
\b0  (#8): I know it was huge hit for 9 years. I know NBC lived and died by it. But #8 on the list? Can we take into account that none of the cast has been able to find meaningful employment for almost 10 years afterwards? It also didn't really influence any TV shows since. It was an oddball of a format, it worked for a long time and then went dormant like {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://biology.clc.uc.edu/steincarter/cicadas.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 17 year cicadas}}. Methinks it could have been a little further down on the list.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs32 \cf0 Minor Travesties:
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Adam West
\b0  (#80): Holy Needless Inclusion! Here's a hack actor on a campy hack show who brings a plywood stiffness to the role because IT WASN'T ACTING, IT WAS HIS PERSONALITY. Don't reward mediocrity!\
\

\b Judge Judy 
\b0 (#92): What about 
\b Wapner
\b0 ?! He was better, badder and on TV first. Without him, there would be no other court shows. He's on at 4:00... K-Mart sucks... case dismissed.\
\

\b Neil Patrick Harris
\b0  (#93) & 
\b Shannen Doherty
\b0  (#96): Dammit, I hate being in the position of defending Shannen Doherty. I get that Neil Patrick is a vote for "Doogie Howser MD" and a vote for Shannen was a nod to "90210". That said, you have to put Shannen higher on the list than Neil. I don't mean 50 spots higher, but higher -- even if it's just on spot. "90210" was incredibly influential reinventing the teen angst format and was around for 10 years (albiet probably 2 or 3 years too long). "Doogie Howser" was... ah... kind of a stupid show with a lot of nerdy kids on it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs32 \cf0 Missing:
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Paul Lynde: 
\b0 He was brilliant on "The Munsters" as the nearsighted doctor. He was terrific on "Bewitched" as Uncle Arthur. He MADE the "Hollywood Squares" watchable. He had walk ons in "I Dream of Jeannie", "F-Troop" and "The Bevery Hillbillies". You had to include Delta Burke and not Paul Lynde? I'm sorry, that is incorrect -- "X" gets the square.\
\

\b Jay Leno:
\b0  Shouldn't he get some credit for keeping the "Tonight Show" ship sailing in the top spot for 15 years on his own? I doubt there were many people who could have been dropped into that slot and make that happen let alone still be on the job. You gotta give him props.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs32 \cf0 Shouldn't Be on the List:
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 George Clooney
\b0  (#37): Was this for the first or second "ER"? Stick to the big screen, you don't fit on the small screen.\
\

\b Ed McMahon
\b0  (#53): I love the cuddly old bastard, but he was 100% suck up and 0% talent. You are incorrect sir!\
\

\b Tony Danza
\b0  (#73): I won't dignify this with an explanation.\
\

\b Isabel Sanford
\b0  (#83): If you're going to have a character from "The Jeffersons" on the list, it wouldn't be Weasy. It would be George... or Florence... or Mr. Bently... or Helen & Tom.\
\

\b Merideth Baxter 
\b0 (#98): First off, her name was Merideth Baxter "Birney". Secondly, she had more vowels in her name than iconic charisma.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs32 \cf0 Final Thoughts:
\b0\fs24 \
Any list with 
\b John Stamos
\b0  on it is a list I don't want to be on. To that I say good day, sir. Commence fire in the comment section below.\
}